category i members products 
\interesting case study
 
isb:
1. without any human, system were making orders automatically for 9 months in chain 350 pharmacies
2. after 2 weeks of pilot of start working with horizon, supplier stopped to supply su atidejimu and asked everything with prepayment. So pharmacy chain (120 stores) it was forced to do redistribution and started to move products between pharmacies. In two weeks, stock were moved between stores. ir prekes pirko mokant i prieki tik tas kuriu nebegalejo pervezti. tai atstate tinkla, 
3. tinklas 120 kosmetikos parduotuviu. turiu 5k-8k prekes ispardavime. Kaina ir pervezimai tarp parduotuviu daromi automatikai. Visu prekiu ispardavima priziuri 1 zmogus 15 min per diena. Pries tai 12 kategorijos manageriu skirdavo 20-30 min kiekviena diena prie ispardaviminiu prekiu.
4.




it is better, although I moved the footer under detailed features. First I want to still modify benefits. it is a bit hard to read . In general i would like to have more focus on benefits as it is more important than detailed features. I dont have enough experience how to present them, but maybe they have to have headline and description and attention grabbing elements. Also right now benefits are bullshit. benefits like eco friendly - who cares about it in systems. It should scream other things like creating huge competitive technological advantage over the market, automatization, innovation, customer satisfaction. I hae given you info about each company in cluster but i will present to you more like a story so you understand. 2 companies together do inventory management, promotions , consultancy and etc. So potential client would have automated with negligible human usage for it. Then tehre is warehouse and logistic company which can build you warehouse, architect it, build robots (main task) to optimize warehouse. Other company has good pickup terminal, like dpd pickup punkt. It is both for wh and and pharmacy store chain, that means clients can come in the middle of the night and buy the drugs needed or order online and pickup there. The other company has AI human resource scheduler which could improve for instance warehouse shift human management and finally another company has multichannel online platform, so if you place cosmetic there it start to automatically sell in various  e-commerce platforms, your own as well it might be . So all in all imagine that a company would could have more optimized and efficient warehouse, increate turnover, sales, lost sales and reduce human resource on inventory management (funny story chain with 350 pharmacies, no one was doing anything with inventory ordering or promotions/ redistribution) and everything worked perfect, pharmacies could increase sales with selling specific stock without time restrictions and increase sales through online e-commerce. While i dont want you to be extra specific in key benefits. they should be real benefits. That it would really drive technology forward in the company, create next level of automation and optimize